1. Hoisting

	JS function Code Execution cycle:
	a. preparation stage
	b. execution stage

Preparation Stage:
	ONLY variable and function decalartions are taken care
	Note: this time, no function call, assignment are taken care of
	function declarations are hoisted (function name becomes a variable which starts referring to the function)
	function expressions are not hoisted, as the function expression consists of two parts: 	variable declaration and 
	assignment of the function to that variable

	only variable declaration is taken care of and hence the variable does not refer to the function as of now. it is undefined. 
	Note: do not call the function before the expression. you can call any function before declaration

Execution stage:
	this time, function call, assignment are taken care of

2. scopes:
	every function has access to its outer scope variable
	Note: outer function do not have access to inner scopes

3. closure:
	JS engine creates and maintains the state of all the outer scopes for an inner function, though all the outer functions and their scopes might be over by the time inner function is invoked. the lexical environment for a inner function and its state is known as closure.

4. this binding:

calling function:
a. without anything prceding the function
function foo(){}
foo()
by default THIS property will be linked to 'window' or 'global'

b. with new keyword
new foo()
this property will be linked to a fresh new object

c. with any reference
ref.foo()
this property wilee be bound to that refernce object

if you want to get an inner function to be bound to the same THIS object as that of the outer function, you can use any of the following:
a. call bind() method on the inner function and pass the reference of the outer THIS object as argument

function outer(){
	const inner=function(){}
	inner = inner.bind(this)
}

b. write the inner function using arow function
function outer(){
	const inner=()=>{}
}

5. New Features in ES:
	a. let: creates scope for a variable inside a function
				a variable with same name decalared inside statemenets and outside (inside the same function) with let keyword are treated separately
	Note: do not try to access a variable declared with let keyword before the declaration

	b. const
	c. arrow function